Hello everyone in this video will show you how
build mario whos built means
put 4 blocks of black wool and like that
on it 3 block
retreat four blocks do everything too
the very only three blocks set like this
further put the blue wool that there
1 year left
and then just then on top of everything myself
only here we still put it together
blue wool and then leave room for
block our left in this place
joy two more blocks and there block so
the warmth of the city ​​of the saddle and the same thing here
then we put a block of blue chess
here the yellow legs and the same here like this
shorter than blue block yellow 2 blue
yellow any tone we put like this
blue wool and pressed
wool and three blocks head connect about
red hair like that just for wool
here 4 here 3 2 3 4 3 2
do this you torso 3432 further set
orange wool
Here from this block and until this very
block before so here we put 4 blocks
black wool there above this one vacancy
put another blac tea happiness put here
so earlier in the block I put the same
fate shorter
four 12 blocks put here and so on
block orange wool and set 31 so
it yourself two blocks black
over this black wool varnish we put
two more part blocks and like this
then the blocks will be orange blocks
here is already black well and then we set from
of this block
red wool like this and another red axis
from this block and before that but block on
what more sea ​​ready the next series i
I will show you how to build pokeballs
of page
thank you all for watching subscribe
put likes to leave comments to all
until